add note about no longer supporting extensions. (#8899)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: skype/skype-ps/skype/Set-CsOnlineVoiceUser.md

**Note**: This cmdlet will be deprecated. Use the new [Set-CsPhoneNumberAssignment](/powershell/module/teams/set-csphonenumberassignment) cmdlet instead.

> This cmdlet no longer supports the ability to add extensions to telephone numbers (e.g "tel:+61281234567;ext=5110"). Please use the new [Set-CsPhoneNumberAssignment](/powershell/module/teams/set-csphonenumberassignment) cmdlet instead.
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This cmdlet no longer supports the ability to add extensions to telephone numbers (for example, "tel:+61281234567;ext=5110"). Use the new [Set-CsPhoneNumberAssignment](/powershell/module/teams/set-csphonenumberassignment) cmdlet instead.
```

> **Note**: This cmdlet will be deprecated. Use the new [Set-CsPhoneNumberAssignment](/powershell/module/teams/set-csphonenumberassignment) cmdlet instead.
> 
> This cmdlet no longer supports the ability to add extensions to telephone numbers (for example, "tel:+61281234567;ext=5110"). Use the new [Set-CsPhoneNumberAssignment](/powershell/module/teams/set-csphonenumberassignment) cmdlet instead.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note**: This cmdlet will be deprecated and no longer supports the ability to add extensions to telephone numbers (for example, "tel:+61281234567;ext=5110"). Use the new [Set-CsPhoneNumberAssignment](/powershell/module/teams/set-csphonenumberassignment) cmdlet instead.
```

I agree with @get-itips. This is my proposal.
